docs(tip-1060): document bookkeeping bug fixes (#6243)
tempoxyz/tempo: tips/tip-1060.md

### Protocol bookkeeping slots restored after user execution

Some protocol bookkeeping writes happen before or after user-metered EVM execution and therefore run outside TIP-1060 accounting. A slot that can be cleared during user execution and then recreated later by one of those disabled-accounting writes MUST NOT mint a storage credit when cleared during the same transaction, because the later recreation would not consume a credit or pay `STORAGE_CREDIT_VALUE`.

> Implementations MUST treat the following transaction-specific slots as non-creditable for clear-side TIP-1060 accounting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implementations MUST treat deletions of the following transaction-specific slots as ineligible for TIP-1060 storage credits:
```

1. The current transaction fee payer's TIP-20 fee-token balance slot.
2. The current transaction access key's AccountKeychain spending-limit `remaining` slot for the fee token, when fee limits are enforced and the fee payer is the transaction caller.

> 3. The TipFeeManager `collected_fees[beneficiary][validator_token]` slot for the current block beneficiary and validator fee token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
https://github.com/tempoxyz/tempo/pull/6206#discussion_r3443941547

This exclusion is transaction-local. It applies only to the concrete slots that pre/post-transaction fee collection or fee-limit bookkeeping may recreate with TIP-1060 disabled; unrelated slots owned by the same precompile or token remain governed by the normal minting and consumption rules.

Periodic AccountKeychain spending limits MUST also avoid clearing the `remaining` field when a period's allowance reaches zero on T7 and later. Implementations may represent zero remaining periodic allowance with a nonzero sentinel value, provided all reads and refunds decode the sentinel as zero and the sentinel cannot collide with a valid configured `remaining` value. This prevents an exhausted periodic limit from minting a stale AccountKeychain-owned credit that a later disabled-accounting fee pre-collection write could leave unbacked.

> Fee distribution from TipFeeManager bookkeeping MUST run with TIP-1060 accounting disabled, the same as fee collection and fee refunds. Moving collected protocol fees is protocol accounting, not a user-metered storage creation or deletion, and MUST NOT mint credits, consume credits, or create pending refund-eligible creations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TipFeeManager's fee distribution (`distributeFees`) MUST run with TIP-1060 accounting disabled, the same as fee collection and fee refunds. Moving collected protocol fees is protocol accounting, not a user-metered storage creation or deletion, and MUST NOT mint credits, consume credits, or create pending refund-eligible creations.
```
